The following should be used as a basis for a short story:

I don't buy the Fairy 'Godmother' spiel she's running on Cinderella, either. That pixie is up to something, and it's not random benevolence. My best guess is that she's trying to get close to Cinderella, then pull the strings to install her as Queen - a kind of fairy coup d'etat. I would expect that Prince Charming's life expectancy will plummet after marrying Cinderella; once he's out of the picture, Queen Cinderella is regent. Then the Fairy Godmother will be free to manipulate this peasant girl to rule as she see fit.
Most likely, she's after obscure, funny, and particular things (and not so much grandiose, direct power). Stuff like: no humans allowed in the enchanted wood except to make seasonal offerings (if we wanted to go grim, perhaps live children), prohibiting cold iron (or all iron, to be safe) from the entire kingdom.
We could take things a lot further, though, and imagine a small kingdom under oppressive fairy rule. Cinderella is queen, and the fairies rule as proxies through her. They enforce all sorts of fickle laws and superstitious, inflicting cruel and humorous punishments on transgressors. As a fairly chaotic race, the code of laws would be far from clear and consistent.
Peasants would fearfully go out of their way to avoid angering the fairies (which disguise themselves as animals, and see 'everything'): a highway might be choked up, because a black cat is sitting on it, and nobody wants to cross it's path (it might be a fairy test!); people plant pennies as 'payment' whenever they pick flowers or food; townsfolk walk about wearing oversized vegetables on their head during the entirety of harvest season; everybody has to rhyme on Wednesdays; can't touch the ground on the weekend of the full moon; humans haul carts full of horses in autumn; peasants must roll and chase the second meal of the lunar month down a muddy hill before eating it.
The pixies would be having a blast, and wouldn't see the harm in their fun. There'd also be a caste of fairy-raised humans (the ones surrendered to the enchanted wood in solstice and equinox offerings) - these would likely be powerful casters, who enforce the fey regime. What a shock the PCs would have if they wandered into this kingdom.
